README.rst, before:

pyiat
=================

pyiat analyzes data from the Implicit Association Test (IAT) consistent with the standard IAT scoring algorithm (Greenwald et al., 2003) and Brief IAT scoring algorithm (Nosek et al., 2014)

	Greenwald, A. G., Nosek, B. A., & Banaji, M. R. (2003). Understanding and using the Implicit Association Test: I. An improved scoring algorithm. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 85(2), 197–216. https://doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.85.2.197

	Nosek, B. A., Bar-Anan, Y., Sriram, N., Axt, J., & Greenwald, A. G. (2014). Understanding and Using the Brief Implicit Association Test: Recommended Scoring Procedures. PLOS ONE, 9(12), e110938. https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0110938

See the Documentation_ for more details installation instructions and usage.

Features
--------

pyiat currently supports:

* Analysis of the IAT and Brief IAT (BIAT) 
* IAT can be analyzed with weighted or unweighted algorithm
* BIAT can include 1, 2, or 3 blocks 
* Obtain D scores for each stimulus (e.g. word)
* Output includes overall error percentage as well as error percentages by block (if using a weighted score) and by condition 
* Same output (overall, by block, by condition) for trials considered too fast or too slow
* Can set reaction time for trials considered too fast or too slow
* Can set cutoffs for error\too fast\too slow flags indiciating that a participant is excluded for poor performance
* Can print output to Excel 

see the Documentation_ for more details

Examples
------------------------------------------------

For details of the input, output and more examples of pyiat see the `Jupyter notebook`_ located on Github. There is also simulated data on Github_ as well. 


.. _`Jupyter notebook`: https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/amillner/pyiat/blob/master/example/pyiat_example.ipynb
.. _Github: https://github.com/amillner/pyiat/tree/master/example


How to get help or provide feedback
------------------------------------------------

For help or feedback, please enter an 'issue on Github'_

.. Links

.. _documentation: http://pyiat.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
.. _'issue on Github': https://github.com/amillner/pyiat/issues

Commit message:

Docs - removed install, added descrip
removed install since it’s in the user guide
Stated that pyiat is a python package

README.rst, after:

pyiat
=================

pyiat is a Python package to analyze data from the Implicit Association Test (IAT) consistent with the standard IAT scoring algorithm (Greenwald et al., 2003) and Brief IAT scoring algorithm (Nosek et al., 2014). pyiat requires that the data is in a pandas DataFrame.

	Greenwald, A. G., Nosek, B. A., & Banaji, M. R. (2003). Understanding and using the Implicit Association Test: I. An improved scoring algorithm. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 85(2), 197–216. https://doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.85.2.197

	Nosek, B. A., Bar-Anan, Y., Sriram, N., Axt, J., & Greenwald, A. G. (2014). Understanding and Using the Brief Implicit Association Test: Recommended Scoring Procedures. PLOS ONE, 9(12), e110938. https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0110938

See the Documentation_ for more details installation instructions and usage.

Features
--------

pyiat currently supports:

* Analysis of the IAT and Brief IAT (BIAT) 
* IAT can be analyzed with weighted or unweighted algorithm
* BIAT can include 1, 2, or 3 blocks 
* Obtain D scores for each stimulus (e.g. word)
* Output includes overall error percentage as well as error percentages by block (if using a weighted score) and by condition 
* Same output (overall, by block, by condition) for trials considered too fast or too slow
* Can set reaction time for trials considered too fast or too slow
* Can set cutoffs for error\too fast\too slow flags indiciating that a participant is excluded for poor performance
* Can print output to Excel 

see the Documentation_ for more details

Examples
------------------------------------------------

For details of the input, output and more examples of pyiat see the `Jupyter notebook`_ located on Github. There is also simulated data on Github_ as well. 


.. _`Jupyter notebook`: https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/amillner/pyiat/blob/master/example/pyiat_example.ipynb
.. _Github: https://github.com/amillner/pyiat/tree/master/example


How to get help or provide feedback
------------------------------------------------

For help or feedback, please enter an 'issue on Github'_

.. Links

.. _documentation: http://pyiat.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
.. _'issue on Github': https://github.com/amillner/pyiat/issues
